Origin/thomasgauvin update kv binding preview id docs 2 (#17125)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/kv/get-started.mdx

When using [`wrangler dev`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#dev) to develop locally, wrangler will default to using a local version of KV to avoid interfering with any of your live production data in KV. This means that reading keys that you have not written locally will return null.

> To have `wrangler dev` connect to your Workers KV namespace running on Cloudflare's global network, call `wrangler dev --remote` instead. This will use the `preview_id` of the KV binding configuration in the `wrangler.toml` file. See the [KV binding docs](/kv/concepts/kv-bindings/#using-the-kv-binding-when-developing-locally) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To have `wrangler dev` connect to your Workers KV namespace running on Cloudflare's global network, call `wrangler dev --remote` instead. This will use the `preview_id` of the KV binding configuration in the `wrangler.toml` file. Refer to [KV binding](/kv/concepts/kv-bindings/#using-the-kv-binding-when-developing-locally) for more information.
```
